It's time for something incredible!
Welcome back Ladies and Gentlemen, to another episode of Cinema Summary.
Today we’re summarizing the deconstructive-reconstruction of the superhero genre!
Suit up folks!
It’s showtime!
In a world full of super-powered people called
“Supers”, the public are turning against
them as the collateral damage caused by their
crime-fighting reaches an all time high.
Mr. Incredible is one of these heroes whose
fall from grace reached it’s peak after
he saved a willful ledge-jumper, and stopped
a monorail from derailing.
After several lawsuits, the government suddenly initiates the Superhero Relocation
Program, which forces Supers to permanently
put down their capes and just be their ordinary,
secret identities.
Fifteen years later, Bob and Helen Parr—formerly
known as Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl—and
their children Violet, Dash, and baby Jack-Jack
are a suburban family.
Bob dislikes the mundanity of suburbia and
his not-so incredible, white-collar job.
but still intends to do some good.
Together with his friend Lucius Best, formerly
known as Frozone, Bob occasionally relives
"the glory days" by moonlighting as a vigilante
(telling their wives that they are going “bowling”).
Who hasn't done that?
After his supervisor prevents him from stopping
a mugging, Bob loses his temper
and injures him, and predictably gets fired, as you would.
When he returns home, Bob finds a message
from a mysterious woman named Mirage who convinces
him to become Mr. Incredible again, and gives
him a mission to destroy a renegade robot
called the Omnidroid (trademark Lucasarts)
on the remote island of Nomanisan,
a very scenic place if you ignore the murderous killbot.
Bob finds the Omnidroid, and after getting
into a heated battle, tricks it into ripping
out its own power source, defeating it.
This new gig appeals to Bob:
All the excitement of the good ole days while getting paid
He improves his relationship with his family
and begins gymming...
The dude lifts trains! Hah!
Trains! Once he lifts ships, then we can talk!
...while awaiting more work from Mirage for the next two months.
Discovering a tear in his suit, he visits
superhero costume designer Edna Mode.
Mode, assuming that Helen knows what Bob is
doing,
She doesn't
makes new suits for the entire family.
with a new suit and a new mission, he heads for Nomanisan once again,
and this time Bob discovers Mirage
is working for Buddy Pine, a technological
genius and a former fan whom Mr. Incredible
had rejected as his sidekick back in the good
ole days.
No longer ‘Incrediboy’ as he once hoped
to be, he is now Syndrome!
His time was spent making weapons and perfecting the Omnidroid,
hiring different Supers to fight it, and upgrading
it on the occasion that a Super wins.
Now that it is capable of defeating Bob, Syndrome reveals his evil plan: "Operation Kronos";
to send the machine to the city of Metroville.
There, he will secretly manipulate its controls
to defeat it in public, becoming a hero himself.
Later, he will sell his inventions so that
everyone will become equally "super",
making the term meaningless.
Anyways!
Meanwhile, Helen visits Edna and learns what
Bob has been up to (and gets to see the new costumes she made!).
Ta-Daaa!
Edna activates a beacon she built into the
suits so Helen can find Bob, and uh reveals
his location and gets him captured.
Nice going, Edna!
Helen borrows a private plane to head for
Nomanisan, but Violet and Dash have stowed
away wearing their own suits, leaving Jack-Jack
with a babysitter
Someone call CPS please.
Syndrome has his SAM launchers shoot down
Helen's plane, but she and the children survive
and reach the island.
Helen infiltrates the base, discovering Syndrome's
plan to send the Omnidroid to Metroville in
a rocket.
Mirage has a change of heart, with Syndrome's
callousness when her life was threatened,
Mirage releases Bob and informs
him of his family's survival.
At the same time, Helen arrives and races off with Bob to find their children.
“So you must be Mrs. Incredi-”
Dash and Violet, meanwhile, are spotted and
chased by some of Syndrome's guards, but fend
them off with their powers before reuniting
with their parents.
However, Syndrome captures them, leaving them
imprisoned on Nomanisan while he follows the
rocket to Metroville.
The Parrs escape and travel to Metroville
in a spare rocket (with Mirage’s help).
The Omnidroid is programmed to identify and
take out the biggest threat, and recognizes
Syndrome as such and attacks the remote
on his wrist, making him incapable of controlling
it, while simultaneously knocking him out
as it was made to adapt to all threats and challenges
The Parrs and Frozone team up to fight the
Omnidroid; it seems like there’s no winning
until Bob comes across the remote, allowing
him to control one of the robot's arms and
just like before uses it (and the power of
family and friendship) to destroy its power source.
Returning home, the Parrs find Syndrome, who
plans to kidnap and raise Jack-Jack as his
own sidekick to exact revenge on the family.
As Syndrome is flies to reach his airplane,
Jack-Jack's own superpowers start to manifest
and he escapes from Syndrome midair
he's a 'jack of all trades' if you will.
Syndrome manages to get on the plane and gloats,
but Bob throws his own car towards the plane,
causing Syndrome to lose his balance and get
sucked into the plane's jet engine,
destroying the aircraft and killing him, while
Helen catches Jack-Jack.
In the words of Edna -- NO CAPES
While watching Dash compete in a race, the
Parrs witness the arrival of a new villain
called the Underminer.
They put on their superhero masks, ready to
face a new threat.
Thank you Ladies and Gentlemen for watching this, we hope you enjoyed it.
Please leave a like and subscribe to get our latest updates and uploads.
Until next time, don't forget to be incredible!